# NOTIFICATION OF YOUR PAYMENT VIA ATM VISA CARD

```
Reply-To: mr.ahmedyaki63@gmail.com
From: MR AHMED YAKI <nabuduwaronah@gmail.com>
Date: Thu, 23 Feb 2023 03:10:36 -0800
Subject: NOTIFICATION OF YOUR PAYMENT VIA ATM VISA CARD
To: undisclosed-recipients:;
```

greeting

I am Mr. Ahmed Yaki, the newly appointed Postman of the Regular Mail Post Office based in New York. I took up this position on December 4th, 2022. Going through the files of this office's previous records, I discovered that there were six packets of ATM cards, each with an email address for the owner. The former representative of this office (Barrister Adebisi Adegbuyi) did not carry out the delivery as instructed and programmed. Presumably one of his reasons for not making the delivery was that you didn't give him your mailing address to process the delivery, he noted.

According to the contents recorded in each file, the ATM card was deposited as a charity package for each of you six by Senior Evangelist Mathew Peterson, who died a year ago. In the statement he wrote on the list, he explained that each of the above ATM cards holds an amount of $20,500,000.00 and he found your email contacts to be reputable and capable individuals who have the ATM cards lent by the charity can be used to make a difference in people's lives.

In the meantime I have made arrangements to send the six packages to you six to your respective postal addresses via the regular post office.

If there is an ATM CARD at the same time. If it's in the spam folder, it could be because of your Internet Service Provider, ISP. So go to your inbox before replying. I am sent to our head office in Cotonou Benin and I reported the issuance of the discovered six ATM cards to my office and they checked it and gave me veto orders to make the delivery once you reconfirm your postal address to this one Office to note for us the below information is officially required for ATM CARDS mailing ASAP.

1. Your full name, ____
2. Your home address, _____
3. Your current phone number, ___
4. A copy of your identity card, _______________
5. Your age/gender, ______
6. Your country, ______
7. Your job, ______
8. Your nearest airport _______

Once you have updated your ATM card update us with the above information and you should receive a tracking number i.e. a tracking number. H. the tracking number of your package once it is posted as a package to know exactly when it will arrive at your post office the address.

Stay blessed as I look forward to receiving your prompt response.

Regards,
MR AHMED YAKI
WhatsApp number: +1 917 336 7859
Postman, New York Post Office